        In this world, dragons do exist. Once upon a time, humans consulted the Dragon Blenders(dragons that could switch between human and dragon form)
        for advice and offered them gifts in exchange.
        The humans back then were peaceful and loving, but as they increased in numbers, different ideals appeared, and new emotions appeared in them.
        Greed and hate. When these two appeared, lines between people were created. Other emotions started later started appearing as well and they
        now are the same as we know today. The Dragon Blenders still live, now like before with a small tribe and remained the same throughout the
        years although their relationship is now leveled and dragons are not treated in a different status (not like they wanted it). In that island,
        a small girl was born and was living happily with her family, which was the whole tribe. When she was 5year old, she woke up in the middle of
        the night and went to climb her favourite tree and simply watch the moon. In the sea, a light was sparking in the sea. It was a small hollow red pearl that
        came from the void. The little girl descended the tree and went to fetch it. She was a Dragon Blender and was smart enough to not go for it
        carelessly. She atentifully observed the waves and waited for the wave to pass and flew towards the red light when she thought it was safe.
        The moment she picked it up, a wave suddently appeared and swalloed her deep in the sea.

        When she woke up, half conscious, she found herself in a modern mansion with a doctor beside her. The doctor gets up and disapears from her
        sight and she falls in sleep again. Again she wakes up, this it is young maid and is helding her hand. The young girl leans her back againt the
        bed and looks at her surroundings as if trying to figure out where is she. At this time, she has lost her memory, and is unable to recall her
        name, how she looks, where she is from, what she is. She is also unable to transform into Dragon Form simply because she is unaware of herself.

        The maid with a worried look, asks her if she is okay.
