	-Name: Angela Ross
	-Age: 22
	-Personality: Kind, Hard Working, Worrysome, Doesn't Stand Out, Shy, Gets
            excited when talking about stories or when teaching.
	-Likes: Books, Tea, House Chores, Humming, Rain.
	
	-Backstory:
        		Born into a farmer family, with 2 brother, she saw her family
                burn in a half conscious state when out of carelessness, her
                brothers made the gas in their house expload while she was
                watering the flowers outside. She got caught in the explosion
                and still has some scars from it. She was 8year old at this time.

		    After that, she got adopted by her aunt. Her aunt was working on
                a pyramid scheme, selling beauty products. She was great at
                keeping appearences. At home with the family she is devil:
                uncaring, slave master, arrogant and selfish. The uncle was no
                better working as a drug dealer while receiving pensions from
                his early retirement from a diagnosed psychological disorder.

		    Angela's life was a living hell. Had to do mostly all chores,
                got bullied by her brothers, her pleas ignored by her
                adoptive parents and the scapegoat for all family. The only time
                she could relax was at school. She did not have friends there
                but the bullying was almost none except for the teasing of her
                brothers that also attended the same school. The place she loved
                in the school was the library. During breaks, she would go
                there, sit in the sopha chair and pick a book and let the mind wonder
                in the fantasy adventures of it. She would come back to reality
                when she heard the bell. The librarians were quite kind to her
                and as she became a regular, they would try to start up a
                conversation with her, hardly with much feedback.
		
		    One day her brothers called her outside the school building to give
		her something their mother wanted but couldn't. Afraid but unable
		to disobey their calling, she went. After reaching a "blind spot"
		in the school building, both brothers started ganging up on her,
		cutting her hair and poorly putting make up on her.
		A passerby around the school fences upon witnessing this evil truce,
		was able to call them out, and the brothers afraid of the 
		consequences retreated form the spot.

		    The crying girl now relieved from the bullying proceeds to walk
		towards the man that saved her to thank him. "Thank You" she
		said sobbing and clearing up her eyes to look at her savior.
		The man looked quite vintage with a brown coat and fedora, with
		a fluflly moustache and a somewhat long face with a pointy nose
		pointing downwards. The man replies "Don't mind" with a smile
		and walks away.
